# Statement of Purpose

All copyright, trademark, and patent rights in this work, where
applicable, is waived.

# Copyright Waiver

This package contains the work of TechFlow, Inc., and may include the
work of properly licensed works. TechFlow, Inc., permanently waives
all copyright and related rights in the work worldwide.

The General Services Administration is given unlimited rights to the
work, delivered under agreement, which includes the right to use,
disclose, reproduce, prepare derivative works, distribute copies to
the public, and perform publicly and display publicly, in any manner
and for any purpose whatsoever, and to have or permit others to do so.

TechFlow, Inc. permanently waives all copyright and related rights
worldwide in the portions of work in this package delivered under
contract, and explicitly grants the public the right to the work to
use, disclose, reproduce, prepare derivative works, distribute copies
to the public, and perform publicly and display publicly, in any
manner and for any purpose whatsoever.

Where works of the public contributed to this package were given as
gratuitous contributions to the General Services Administration,
TechFlow, Inc., or any part of the United States Government, TechFlow,
Inc., permanently waives worldwide all copyright and related rights in
the portions of the work gratuitously contributed by the public.

Where works of the public included in this package were licensed to
the General Services Administration, TechFlow, Inc., or any part of
the United States Government, TechFlow, Inc., has included the
relevant license governing the use of that work in this
package. Nothing in this license is to be understood as the General
Services Administration waiving copyright or related rights to any
work licensed to to the General Services Administration.

Should any part of this Waiver be deemed invalid or ineffective under
applicable law, such partial invalidity or ineffectiveness shall not
invalidate the remainder of the Waiver, and then the Waiver shall be
preserved to the maximum extent permitted given TechFlow, Inc.,
express Statement of Purpose.

In addition, to the extent the Waiver is so judged, the General
Services Administration hereby grants to each affected person a
license to use the work worldwide through the Creative Commons 0 (CC0)
1.0 Universal Public Domain Dedication.

